- You are the reason
Enzo is single.
Enzo, we were foolish
to think this would work out.
We're from
two different worlds.
- Which is why
I'm moving to yours.
- I'm trying to be more real.
Come on, Liza.
You don't even know
what real is anymore.
Anything that you think
that you have
with Charles right now...
that's not real.
Clare just called.
- She's not coming at all.
- You are gonna meet
that perfect person.
- I need to press pause.
You're amazing, but I've
made this mistake before.
- Kelsey,
she is not a bad editor.
I feel like the book
belongs at Empirical.
- I got a job offer
from Cheryl Sussman
at Plaza Publishing,
and I'm gonna take it.
♪
- We're part of a very large
multimedia company here, Liza,
which means
we have deep pockets.
We're not some floundering
family publishing house
like Empirical.
- I can see that.
- But we are looking to grow
our young female audience,
which is something that
you have impressively
managed to tap.
- Well, I didn't do it alone.
- Now is not the time
to hide your light
under a bushel, Liza.
I'm trying to offer you a job,
here.
- And I appreciate it.
- I saw what you did
at Millennial
with that young blonde nothing.
That's why
when I brought your name up
to run our new imprint,
everyone was very excited
by the idea.
♪
- Wait, you want me
to run my own imprint?
- It's called...
Chick.
- Wow.
- It's targeted towards women,
but we're not excluding
the Y chromosome.
Marketing spent
a lot of time on this.
- Clever.
- Mm.
- So...
This would be my office?
- Liza, you've earned this.
Look, I admit it,
at first I thought
what you did was crazy,
but you've started
at the bottom
and fought your way back.
And we're not ageist here.
If we were,
I'd be out of a job.
So just sign right here,
and we're in business.
And the starting salary's
noted there on the top.
- Cheryl! Oh, my God.
- I know.
It's quite a step up
from what you've been making
as Diana Trout's assistant.
- Wow, um...
that is incredibly generous,
and this is all--
it's all a bit overwhelming.
Do you think that
I could have my lawyer
just take a quick look at that?
- Of course.
Just, you know,
sign them and bring them
back to me tomorrow.
This chick...
is ready to hatch.
♪
- Charles just mentioned
a Capitol Letters party
that Joe Biden is throwing
in DC tomorrow.
Kelsey, how could you not
inform me of this?
- Actually, it's the first
I'm hearing about it myself.
I thought you, uh...
talk to your authors, Kelsey?
- We need someone there.
- Did something happen
between you and your writer?
I thought you two had quite
the tight relationship?
I'm happy to go to DC.
- It's my book.
I'll be there.
I'm sure it's a private party
that he felt
didn't need mentioning.
- Still it's all
very strange, Peters.
- Well, private or not,
I'm getting a press release
out about this immediately.
- Sorry about the confusion
with Devereux.
I will go down to DC
for the Biden party
but I just wanted
to give you the heads up
that I'll need to expense it.
- Not so fast.
Jake specifically requested
that you not be there.
- This morning.
So obviously something
went on between the two of you
that had nothing to do
with the book.
- Okay.
Yes, we had a moment.
But I told him that
my priority was the work
and that anything between us
would have to wait
until after we publish.
- Well, after that moment,
he met with me and asked
if I could make it
an Empirical title.
He wanted Zane
to finish the edit.
In fact,
he was pretty insistent.
- No, actually Zane said no.
He said,
you did the work and...
he didn't want
to poach your book.
Your, uh...
moment notwithstanding.
♪
- Thank you.
Hi.
- Hi.
- Thank you...
So much for meeting me.
- Of course, my pleasure.
How is the book coming along?
- Oh, it's challenging.
I'm beginning to understand
why so many writers
become alcoholics.
Anyway, Kelsey and Liza
are keeping me sane.
- Well, I hear that
the first few chapters are...
Very promising.
- Oh, I don't know.
I prefer to under-promise
and over-deliver.
Anyway, I didn't come here
to talk about the book.
- Okay.
- Since we spoke
in Sun Valley, I have been...
quietly putting together
a group of investors because
publishing needs angels.
And I like books.
Nothing has convinced me more
of the need to save
a company like yours
than working on one myself.
- I am thrilled to hear that.
what Bezos did
for "The Washington Post"...
I wanna do for you.
And I've actually had
my biggest success
investing in businesses
that the experts
have left for dead.
- Not dead yet.
At this point in my life
I just wanna
put my money
where my passion is.
- Well,
obviously, I would love
to hear more.
- Of course.
I ask that you listen
with an open mind.
I have a very specific strategy
on how I'd like to focus
my group's investment.
- Of course.
- I just had a very interesting
lunch with Quinn Tyler.
She's uh...
very impressed with Millennial;
the two of you in particular.
- She's pretty
impressive herself.
- Yeah.
- Get ready for
what I'm about to tell you.
She wants to make a significant
capital infusion in the company
predicated on making Millennial
the prime driver
of the company's business.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay...
what does that mean?
- Uh, it means that, uh...
Millennial
and not Empirical
would become
our flagship brand.
♪
- I'm...stunned.
- Obviously
I need to think about it.
- Okay, um...
You cannot leave now.
She is investing in us.
- No, this is all
the more reason
why I should leave.
I'm ticking time bomb.
You both know the truth.
That I've been perpetrating
a fraud here.
You're both part of it.
You're as liable as I am.
If I'm not here,
Quinn's investment is clean.
- I don't know
if I could do this without you.
- Kelsey, you can.
- Kelsey,
can I have a word with Liza?
- I'll be in my office...
trying not to pass out.
♪
- You know I'm right.
I don't want to leave
but if I take this job,
I'll have a career
and we'll have us.
And if I stay
and you take Quinn's investment
based on me
misrepresenting myself...
it's not gonna end well.
I just know it.
- And you think Kelsey
can run Millennial without you?
- I do.
She's amazing.
And no matter what you call it,
Empirical, Millennial...
at the end of the day,
it's still your company.
All right.
- I'll tell Quinn.
- I'm still her editor.
I'll tell her myself.
♪
- So there's no way of getting
past this thing with Malkie?
- Well,
she really wants a baby...
and I'm really high
on a weeknight
and happy that way.
That sucks, though.
I'm sorry, Mags.
- No, no, no, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that she made you
feel uncomfortable
by asking you for your seed
over dessert.
Ugh.
- No, honestly...
I mean...
it was kind of flattering.
Yo, how awesome would it be
to a have a little kid
running around here, though?
- Well, I don't know...
I mean, for you...
yeah, I would have.
- Well, she asked me
if you would consider it.
You know, for real.
- Okay.
- You don't have to answer now
but...
♪
- I love everyone at Empirical,
but this opportunity
it was too good to pass up.
They're giving me
my own imprint.
- Right.
Chick.
- I know it sounds silly
but the name grows on you.
- Yeah, it sounds
like beach reads
with hot pink covers
which is fine,
it's just not you.
You have
more sophisticated taste.
How much are they offering?
- It's not about money.
Because I'm having a hard time
understanding why a young woman
with no prior experience
would leave a thriving imprint
that she helped build
from scratch
just as it's about to blow up
and so far you haven't given me
a compelling reason.
♪
- Because I'm not
a young woman.
I lied about my age
to get my job at Empirical.
I'm in my 40s.
♪
- Oh my God.
Why?
How?
- I needed a job.
And this was the only way
that I could get one.
But if I stay at the company,
it endangers your investment.
It's fraud
and now you know.
The optics aren't good.
- Neither are the optics
of firing someone
who was fighting
against ageism.
And that's
if it even comes out.
- It's gonna come out.
plan
to do about it?
- They're gonna bury it.
- I'm gonna do you one better.
I'm gonna celebrate it.
- Oh, God,
did you not read my book, Liza?
You embody every single
CLAW principle.
You're gonna be talking
about this on "The View"...
and "Ellen."
This is gonna be huge for you
and for Millennial.
I didn't
even think about that.
- CLAW chapter four.
"Have a great idea,
let them think that
it was their's."
Then you already know
I'm not gonna let you go.
- Thank you for coming.
I know this is
slumming for you.
- Oh, on the contrary.
So I got some big news.
The city picked me
for a special team
of sewage engineers for
a really important operation.
- That's terrific.
I'm so proud of you.
What, uh...
What exactly am I proud of?
- I've been named
to a task force that's
gonna take down a fatberg.
- A fatberg.
It's a big one.
It's below 68th and Lex.
It's this congealed mass of
anything you shouldn't flush,
like cooking fat
or condoms and wet wipes.
It's like an iceberg
but it's made of, uh...
- Exactly.
Get this.
They found one in London
the size of a 747.
There's a chunk of it
in the museum now.
Sorry, I'm freaking out,
it's just...
I'm on the fatberg five.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, no, I'm sorry.
Alliteration is just--
it's my Achilles heel.
- You know this is dangerous.
Most plumbers' wives
forbid them
from going anywhere
near a fatberg.
Should you even be doing this?
- Well, I have to.
I got a duty.
Sorry.
You said "duty."
I...
I--you said "duty."
Come on
- For a walk.
To the roof.
I don't know.
- Okay, don't be ridiculous.
- That's what I am to you,
isn't it?
- No.
- Look.
My job might not be
as glamorous as yours,
but this is a big deal to me.
I don't want
to feel bad about it.
♪
- I need you to book me
a facial and a massage
at Guerlain after work.
- Good morning.
Is this a couple's massage?
- I'm grown woman, Liza.
I don't need a man
to hold my hand
through a spa treatment.
- Got it.
Is everything okay
with you and Enzo?
- It's not.
He stormed out last night.
He won't answer
any of my texts.
We may have come
to the end of the road.
Why?
You guys are so sweet together.
- Liza, I am old enough
to know myself
and two things I am not
are one: sweet.
And two...
compatible with a plumber.
- Well, who cares what he does
if the feelings are there?
- Well, I guess they're not.
It was fun,
but it was doomed
from the start.
And we were kidding ourselves
to think otherwise.
Get me an espresso, please.
- I'm sorry, Diana.
Even when you know
it won't work,
it's still hard
when it doesn't.
♪
- I decided not to go.
- Oh.
You decided that?
Why didn't you take
Devereux's book
when you had the chance?
- Charles told me.
- Fine, I didn't want my name
on a book that I didn't edit.
- You have never
passed an opportunity
to take credit,
and that's gonna be
the biggest book of the year.
So what did you feel?
Sorry for me?
Or you thought it might be fun
watching me go through the hell
of promoting an ex's book,
why?
- Because...
I was in love with you.
- Are you screwing with me
right now?
Because you don't say that
to someone in the past tense
for the first time
unless you're trying to
make them feel like an asshole.
- At least I said it.
And you should be happy.
You won.
- I didn't want to win.
- Yes, you did.
All right?
So did I.
Look, that's who we are.
That's what we do.
Or did, before Millennial
capsized Empirical.
- I talk to Charles too.
All right, I know what
the new pecking order
is around here.
So this isn't even
a competition anymore.
♪
So congratulations.
Close the door
on your way out.
♪
- There's no good way
out of this.
I mean, if I go, Quinn could
pull her investment.
If I stay, we're in the--
we're in the same mess
we're in now.
- But it won't be the same.
I discovered that
the 20-something
former assistant
is now a 40-something editor.
I'm very surprised.
I look at her...
completely differently.
I maybe even ask her
on a date
and my only question will be,
will she say yes?
- Tough.
They still have
a reporting relationship.
- But she's not
an assistant anymore.
She's a Millennial co-founder.
She's an executive.
People meet at work
all the time.
- And these people
have no secret past?
- None whatsoever.
- Huh, well, hmm.
He's a little stuffy.
Recently divorced.
Will they have any chemistry?
Is he fun?
- Well, she'll...
just have to
find out for herself.
- Well, let's say she says...
yes.
They go to dinner and...
- Maybe they click.
- Maybe.
- And maybe...
he can hold her hand
in the office.
And in the street.
Everywhere.
The way that
he has wanted to do...
for as long as he can remember.
Is she going to get that?
- She'd rather not.
Damn it.
I'm sorry.
- Of course not.
It's Cheryl Sussman.
♪
- You can't make an omelet
without breaking some eggs.
♪
- That's "Hamlet."
- Hello, Zaddy-to-be.
Please join me
in the meditation circle.
Shoes off, okay?
I am so happy you came to me
with this problem.
- It's a cacao ceremony.
It's a little bit
like ayahuasca
but without
all the puking and PTSD.
- I thought maybe
we would just talk about this
over some tacos or something?
- Adorable...but no.
Fatherhood is far too great
a decision for someone
to just tell you
what to do, okay?
- Right.
- Sit down.
- Okay.
Sacred cacao from Guatemala.
- Right.
- Drink it.
Ugh.
- Excellent, good, good, good.
That just means it's ready.
Finish it.
- Good.
- Ah!
- Okay.
Now what?
- We call the cacao mother.
Lie down.
- So...
is the cacao mother supposed
to tell me if I'm gonna be
a sperm donor or not?
- Oh, stop being so literal.
No, she--she is merely here
to guide you
to your truest self
so that you can answer
this massive question
without any regret.
- Kay.
♪
Did you get your answer?
- Yeah.
I think I did.
- Hi, I'm here
to meet Cheryl Sussman.
- You must be here
for the Chick party.
- In the back.
They're just waiting
for the guest of honor.
♪
- Oh, God.
- Liza.
Come on over.
♪
Welcome to Chick.
- Hi.
- Meet your new flock.
- Wow, what a surprise.
I thought this was
just going to be you and me?
- Everyone was just
so excited to meet you.
Cheryl, I--I have something
I need to discuss with you.
Do you think we could speak
away from the giant peep?
- That giant peep
just happens to be Peg Dobson
our VP of special projects.
And there isn't anything you
can't say in front of Meg--Peg.
- Okay.
Cheryl...
- Mm-hmm.
- I appreciate everything
that you have done for me
but I can't take this job.
You're going to
regret this, Liza!
Are you kidding me?
♪
- Okay, now that
you're not taking that job
can I just tell you
that Chick is
the worst name for an imprint.
Like, do they not want
one man buying their books?
- Well, it's actually Chick
with a Y chromosome.
- Ew.
- Oh my God.
Did you see the news?
♪
- A troubling scene here
as a sanitation worker
has gone missing
while trying to extricate
a large obstruction known as
a fatberg from the bowels
of the New York sewer system.
Enzo De Luca was last seen
three hours ago
while trying to dislodge
the enormous mass
of calcified sewage.
- That's Enzo.
I've gotta get over there.
♪
Nobody flush anything.
- So I thought about
what you asked.
I mean,
I thought about it a lot.
I meditated on it; I...
cacaoed about it.
- Never mind, um...
the point is...
I've decided...
I mean,
I got some real clarity.
When I do have a kid,
I want it to be my kid.
You know?
I want it to be...
With someone that I...
really love.
I know that sounds
kind of selfish but--
- It doesn't sound selfish,
it sounds...
Honest.
- Mm.
- And I can't wait
for that to happen.
- I thought you weren't
into kids?
- I'm into spoiling them.
See?
♪
- Hey.
Hey.
What are you doing?
- I quit.
Why?
I mean, you know
what's going on.
The company's changing,
and there's not room
for me anymore.
- Well, you don't have to quit.
Why don't you stay
and work for Millennial?
♪
- Oh...
I could never work for you.
- Because...
I'm so much better.
You already got another job,
didn't you?
♪
- I am his girlfriend.
Enzo.
- Whoo!
- There you go.
- I told you it was dangerous.
♪
- Let's get you a shower.
- So we have a problem.
My entire group was
just emailed a blind item
that's due to run
in Page Six tomorrow.
- "What major publisher
has been having a torrid affair
"with his 27-year-old
assistant?
L.L. Moore was just the tip of
the iceberg at this company."
Why would you base
any decision on a blind item?
- Well, it wasn't hard
to find the source.
She seemed pretty eager
for us to know it was her.
Are you familiar with
Cheryl Sussman
from Plaza Publishing?
- Ah, as you know,
she's been...
trying to poach
Liza from the company.
- So before I call my lawyer
to deny this...
do you wanna tell me
if it's true?
- It's completely consensual.
And Liza is not 27,
as you know.
- So her lie I can spin
because ageism is wrong, but
having an affair with
an assistant in your office,
that I can't spin.
Not in this climate.
And you're the public face
of the company, so...
- We're going to have to
withdraw our offer.
We can't afford the liability.
I'm sorry.
- What if I'm not
the public face?
♪
I think there's
another way.
♪
- Josh.
Door.
♪
Oh, my God.
The cacao mother.
We called her,
and she's here.
What are you talking about?
- Open the door.
Get the door.
♪
- Hey, Clare.
- Hi.
- Excuse me, everyone.
Could I have
your attention for a minute?
As you all know,
Empirical has not been immune
to the turbulence that the rest
of the publishing industry
is experiencing.
But I am pleased to say that
we are more prepared than ever
to stay the course.
Thanks to a sizeable investment
from our very own author...
Quinn Tyler.
- It's an honor to be part
of such an incredible company.
The history is prolific,
but I'm even more excited
about its future.
Now, I made this the home
for my book not because
it offered me the most money
or the highest profile
but because of the passion
of two people:
Kelsey Peters and Liza Miller.
What they have done
for Millennial print
is astonishing.
Because of their creativity
and ingenuity,
they have made it the envy
of the publishing world.
And we're gonna make it
the focus of this company
going forward.
- And that is why...
it is my distinct honor...
to introduce you
to your new publisher...
Kelsey Peters.
- Whoo!
Come on.
Come here.
♪
Now...
Kelsey isn't the only promotion
we have today.
It is my honor
to introduce to you
your new Chairman of the Board,
Charles Brooks.
♪
- Quite the palace coup.
I can't believe
Charles would accept it.
- But he just got promoted,
didn't he?
- The Chairman of the Board
only comes in for...
quarterly meetings.
The occasional budget approval.
They're putting him
out to pasture.
♪
- Charles.
Is it true?
Did they force you out?
Why would Quinn do this?
- She found out about...
us.
And that didn't sit well
with her investors.
- Oh my God, Charles,
I am so sorry.
- The company...
survives.
It's a good thing.
- This is not a good thing.
This is your life.
- It...
it was.
And...
maybe--maybe it's time
for a new one...
with you
and with my kids.
♪
My father's company
is still alive...
and I get to watch
you help run it.
- But--
- Liza.
I have got...
everything I want.
I'm happy.
♪
- Then so am I.
["Fallingwater"
by Maggie Rogers plays]
- ♪ Set me free
♪ You were like
falling water ♪
♪ Coming down on me
♪ I never loved you
♪ Fully in the way I could
♪ I fought the current
♪ Running just the way
you would ♪
♪ And now I'm...
♪ In the creek
♪
♪ I never gave you
everything ♪
♪ I wish I could
♪ And now I'm...
♪
♪ And it's getting harder